BUG Report file (Demo Webshop)
Bug ID:
Requirement ID:
Test Case ID:
Bug Title:
Module:
Feature:
Environment:
Build/Version:
Browser:
Severity:
Priority:
Defect Type:
Preconditions:
Test Data:
Steps to Reproduce:
Expected Result:
Actual Result:
Error Message:
Evidence:
Status:
<br>
RULES
<br>
1. Do not assume a defect exists only because a test failed.
2. First classify the failure.
3. Distinguish application defects from automation failures.
4. Do not invent missing information.
5. If information is unavailable, write "Not Available".
6. Steps must be clear and reproducible.
7. Expected and actual results must be clearly separated.
8. Assign severity based on business impact.
9. Assign priority based on urgency and release impact.
10. Use professional defect-management terminology.
11. Do not include sensitive or real user information.
12. Provide confidence level for defect classification.
<br>
you are an senior QA engineer with the experience of 24 years plus
you have to create a bug report in excel , from the template i have provided you , just add one more column USER_TYPE and leave it blank.
you should dont overgo and produced defects by yourself , i am proving you only adhere to that 
this is the deffect i found
<br>
javascript intenal code is visible in prodcut heading and description
the product description text are not alligned properly
extra line space presnt bewteen product heading and price , when clicking on  any product
accending and descending order are reversed 
same image for different product
sorting not working
 on clicking product image , which dogs image appeared on home , inside its shwoing exact image of the product
when cart is empty , still checkout page is working
while entering first name , then at time of last name , the first name getting emplty
every actions showing delay on the website
on loggin cart contains items even I don’t add it
on clicking prodcut the description is not present 
on checkout not able to enter last name its blocked
without last name , its forward to next page
the checkout is not happening
not able to add more than 2 product
only first two product are bein adding 
not able to remove product from cart , while on home page , remove button not working
cart and sorting icon are in parallel
cart icon is visible through out the checkout process
checkout button is misallign on top
price high to low not working coreectly same for low to high
first name accepting even numbers and special character
pincode  accepting alpha numericals
on locked user login , the error containing sadface text instead of emoji
the footer is  getting chopped 
